c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestingSqlite\TestingSqlite\bin\Debug\TestingSqlite.exe.config
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestingSqlite\TestingSqlite\bin\Debug\TestingSqlite.exe
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestingSqlite\TestingSqlite\bin\Debug\TestingSqlite.pdb
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestingSqlite\TestingSqlite\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestingSqlite\TestingSqlite\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestingSqlite\TestingSqlite\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestingSqlite\TestingSqlite\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestingSqlite\TestingSqlite\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestingSqlite\TestingSqlite\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestingSqlite\TestingSqlite\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestingSqlite\TestingSqlite\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestingSqlite\TestingSqlite\obj\Debug\TestingSqlite.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestingSqlite\TestingSqlite\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestingSqlite\TestingSqlite\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestingSqlite\TestingSqlite\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestingSqlite\TestingSqlite\obj\Debug\TestingSqlite_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestingSqlite\TestingSqlite\obj\Debug\TestingSqlite.g.resources
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestingSqlite\TestingSqlite\obj\Debug\TestingSqlite.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestingSqlite\TestingSqlite\obj\Debug\TestingSqlite.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestingSqlite\TestingSqlite\obj\Debug\TestingSqlite.exe
c:\users\sam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TestingSqlite\TestingSqlite\obj\Debug\TestingSqlite.pdb
